Updated CLI docs (#134)
eo-tools/eozilla: docs/appligator/cli.md

**Arguments**:

* `[PROCESS_REGISTRY_SPEC]`: Process registry specification. For example 'wraptile.services.local.testing:service.process_registry'.

**Options**:

> * `--dags-folder PATH`: An Airflow DAGs folder to which to write the outputs.  [default: C:\Users\norma\Projects\eozilla\eozilla-airflow\dags]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--dags-folder PATH`: An Airflow DAGs folder to which to write the outputs.  [default: <eozilla-root>/eozilla-airflow/dags`]
```

gen_cli_docs.py always will leak user specific machine path

Author: We should fix that!
